#################################
#     Decelerator Simulator     #
#         circa May 2015        #
#            D. Reens           #
#################################
# Written 1/16/18

decel-sim simulates pulsed Stark decelerators in the Ye lab at JILA. 
It replaces a C++ codebase which can be found at the time of this writing at: 
jilafile.colorado.edu/scratch/ye/common/ColdMolecules/Simulations/mclass_dave/

This previous codebase was written predominantly by Brian Sawyer and Eric Hudson, although I'm not sure how much work Ben Stuhl may have done on it as well. I successfully got it working, but just found that scientific work could be most quickly performed using MATLAB thanks to the integrated plotting and simulation data analysis capabilities.

decel-sim can also be found on jilafile at the time of this writing:
jilafile.colorado.edu/scratch/ye/common/ColdMolecules/Simulations/MatlabSim/decel-sim/

The key code file is called simdecel.m and is found in the main directory. It has the basic format of a master function wherein a large structure is filled with parameters that the user can set, follwed by various subfunctions relevant to the actual execution of the simulation.

Another important component of the simulation is the loading of relevant force fields for the copmutations. These force-fields are generated by the software package COMSOL Multiphysics and stored in the "Decels" directory as ".dat" files. MATLAB loads these in and generates reusable look-up functions out of them, stored in corresponding ".mat" files. 

At some point it may make sense to include those COMSOL files in this repository as well. For the time being, they live here:
jilafile.colorado.edu/scratch/ye/common/ColdMolecules/COMSOL files/Decelerators/*.mph

My next task with this simulation will be to study the dependence of measured OH signals after the decelerator as a function of the distance of the laser to the decelerator. (the reason for which is that the decelerator is actually working and generating molecules for us to study, hooray!)
